#0
Product code: 718982
	name: Persona 4: Dancing All Night
	 pic: 64.99
       price: 
      by who: Atlus
 description: Persona® 4: Dancing All Night is a story-driven music game of the cult hit RPG Persona 4, developed by ATLUS. Replacing the RPG elements are dance battles that challenge players' dexterity and accuracy, as they tap out re-mixes of fan-favorite themes and brand new music tracks. The storyline continues from after the events of Persona 4, when the teenage mega-idol, Rise Kujikawa, returns to the city to re-take her show biz career. During that time, a strange video appears on the internet and the unfortunate people who watched it have gone missing! Members of Kanamin Kitchen, Rise's junior idol group, have disappeared and it's up to the Investigation team to mount a rescue mission - only they discover the same monstrous Shadows from the Midnight Channel. To make matters even worse, their Persona abilities are rendered ineffective, and the Shadows in P4D can only be defeated by dance, so bust out powerful dance moves to save the day!

#1
Product code: 709837
	name: Just Dance 2014
	 pic: 29.99
       price: 
      by who: UbiSoft
 description: World Dance Floor: Dance with anyone anywhere in the world in Just Dance?s first-ever online multiplayer mode! Players join a virtual crew ? made up of real-life friends or other Just Dance fans ? and compete based on different themes (?Boys Vs Girls?, ?Crew Vs Crew?). Players can also track their standing on global leader boards, check out fun stats about other players around the world, and see community updates.
On Stage Mode: Own the spotlight in this new mode where one player will dance, lead 2 back-up dancers, and even sing if they want! As the star of the show, the player can take it seriously and show off how talented they are, or just goof off with friends.
Custom Sweat Mode: Players can personalize their Just Sweat workouts by creating custom playlists and tracking calories. There?s also a new option to track calories in all gameplay modes, even outside of the dedicated Just Sweat mode.
More Dances Per Track: Everyone loves variety! Find alternate choreography across all modes including Just Sweat, Extreme, Battle and Mash-Up.

#2
Product code: 700690
	name: DJ Hero 2
	 pic: 4.95
       price: 
      by who: Activision
 description: Product Features:
Up to 2 DJs can mix, scratch, and sample on the acclaimed DJ Hero turntable controller, while a vocalist grabs a microphone and sings or raps along with on-screen lyrics.
DON'T STOP THE PARTY Party Play mode turns DJ Hero 2 into the ultimate party accessory. Let the game's incredible mixes play themselves and or jump in/jump out to take control and play along without ever stopping the music.
BATTLE YOUR FRIENDS All-new multiplayer modes redefine the DJ Hero experience. Innovative DJ Battles feature custom mixes and authentic back-and-forth DJ gameplay, and new modes including Accumulator, Checkpoints and Streakers let you prove who is the best DJ in the house.
PLAY HOW YOU WANT Change how the mix sounds each time you play with new Freestyle sections, which let you scratch, sample, and crossfade how you want. Never play a mix the same way twice.
THE BEST SOUNDTRACK GOT BETTER DJ Hero 2 one-ups its predecessor and mixes even hotter tracks from the biggest artists in pop, dance and hip hop including: Lady Gaga, Deadmau5, Kanye West, Chemical Brothers, Dr. Dre, Rihanna and more.
CREATE AN EMPIRE All-new Empire Mode sends players on a journey starting out as a lowly warehouse DJ on the road to becoming the head of a major music empire. Unlock new perks and rewards with each step on your career.
COMMUNICATE WITH HERO FEED Throw down the ultimate battle by challenging and tracking your friend's accomplishments, whether your friend is offline or online.
DJ WITH YOUR AVATAR*** Star as your own Xbox LIVE Avatar in any game mode.

#3
Product code: 702714
	name: Yoostar 2 In The Movies
	 pic: 14.95
       price: 
      by who: NULL
 description: Blockbuster Hits ? Including The Hangover, 300, The Godfather, Terminator, and more.
Diverse Gameplay ? Variety of game modes including Challenge and Quick Play.
Great Social Features ? Share performances via Yoostar.com, PSN, Xbox Live, and Facebook.
Innovative Technology ? Push the limits of hands free gaming on Kinect for Xbox 360 and PlayStation Eye.

#4
Product code: 706288
	name: Get Up and Dance
	 pic: 12.95
       price: 
      by who: Crave Entertainment
 description: Featuring everything from classic funky disco tracks to current chart hits, all complete with their official videos, there?s something for everyone to enjoy!
Get your friends round and get dancing together or have your very own dance off in Get Up And Dance?s Party Mode.

Had enough of competing against each other? Why not join together and form your very own dance group in Get Up And Dance Group Mode! The unique Group Mode is where you can form your very own dance group with up to four friends. You can dance as either lead or backing dancer to group routines specially choreographed for Get Up And Dance.

With loads more features like Shape Up Mode, Rehearse Mode, Jukebox - Get Up And Dance really is the Ultimate Dancing Game.

Staying in is the new going out! Get your friends round and get the party started with Get Up And Dance!
